this video is sponsored by Dollar Shave
Club stay tuned to the end for a special
offer
Wow welcome what a what a [__] treat
well how special unless you feel you get
a video on a Friday pay money well be
here and today we're doing something a
little different we're just gonna jump
into it because there's a little bit of
backstory we got to get into here so
first off you know we got to get the can
weight home we need to put something on
this monitor this is unacceptable
perfect there's been some drama recently
some drama with with with the youtuber
life with Mac and if you guys don't
remember the kid ASMR that I did that
entire video on yeah that's the one
according to her YouTube has been
targeting her channel her videos are
being removed for inappropriate content
her videos are getting demonetized left
and right welcome to the [__] club
Mac she believes it's complete here let
me let me let me just read you the
tweets that she's been saying dear
YouTube your blatant discrimination will
not stop me I will not let you use me as
a target for your platforms shortcomings
you condone a grown man to sexually
bully me well hold up wait a minute now
hold on look I'm not saying that was
directed at me is that that seemed very
hold on wait wait a minute now she's
been having a huge fuss on Twitter her
tweets I mean some of these tweets have
hundreds of thousands of likes I mean
this [__] is blowing up her claim is
basically that YouTube is unfairly
taking her off the platform so no I was
trying to stay quiet about it for a
while but then I couldn't help myself
when a channel by the name of a tozi you
may have heard of him a tozi here with
his [__] open curtain looking haircut
he watched the stream and heard that
joke already he posted a video recently
defending her channel his video has so
much misinformation so much a mission of
facts that I just I couldn't take it
anymore
I had to make a response the people need
to know the people need to know so guys
and welcome back to a brand new video
today I have a big problem with YouTube
so not too long ago I posted a whole
video where I was talking about a bunch
of different ASMR channels they were
just really odd some just were outright
disgusting but the channel we're talking
about today is not an outright
disgusting ASMR Chan what are the
channels I reacted to is called life
with Mack a younger girl who makes ASMR
videos for fun and she seems to have a
massive fan base an audience here and
from what I've heard YouTube is actually
taken down a bunch of her videos due to
sexual content one thing that you're
gonna notice affect this guy's video is
he blurs out the term sexual when he's
saying sexual content I think it was an
attempt to play to YouTube's algorithm
to try to knock it D monetize but sorry
but the ironic thing is that he put out
a tweet shortly after his video went
live out of all the videos to get to
monetize the system has some flaws you
might want to get out of pen and paper
because there's gonna be a lot to unpack
if a minor is posting inappropriate
content we can all agree it shouldn't be
on the platform and we can also all
agree if a minor is posting content
that's not inappropriate it should be
allowed she's just having fun on YouTube
eating wrenches and shoes and stuff like
oh okay hold on wait a minute though
wait what I thought we hold on run that
by me one more time this is a kid she's
just having fun on YouTube eating
wrenches and shoes and stuff like that
obviously our fake you don't have a lack
of weirdos here on the internet but that
doesn't mean let's say if someone's
doing a shoot Ryan Hall did that video
needs to get taken down because some
certain people have foot fetishes no it
all started with this on Twitter life
with Mac or McKenna she posted this
tweet right here dear YouTube your
blatant discrimination will not stop me
I will not let you use me as a target
for your platform shortcomings I am NOT
sorry for being a confident young woman
who speaks her mind you condone a grown
man to bully me and it's time to own up
to it but going further she posted a
video on her channel vaguely addressing
the subject this is just a personal
preference but God did so hard to listen
to her and take her seriously when she's
loudly whispering the entire video in my
ear I said this is my other video too
it's not even good ASMR her mic is poopy
poopy poopy ass
it hurts to listen to of course she does
the whispering info Lea smart style so
she actually doesn't explain much
herself in this video because this is
actually all she says on the matter that
was my man's a well-spoken because this
is actually all she says on the matter
my man's is my man is one take right
here this you know I gotta give a tozi
credit that is a first take send it so
here's another tweet that she posted
essentially calling out YouTube again
for listing her videos is inappropriate
so he's presented the first video that
was supposedly removed for being
inappropriate or sexual let's pull up
the tweet and let's read it ourselves
thanks YouTube this is getting really
old to my fans what platform would you
like to see me on twitch patreon other
in the meantime please enjoy other
minors trying on lingerie for their
boyfriends wiping nutella on friends etc
retweet for a follow when you say
retweet for a follow I know you're just
trying to get people to retweet
you're just devaluing your follow so the
claim here was
YouTube is removing videos because of
sexually inappropriate content well
here's a video YouTube removed ASMR
eating dish sponges and soap I don't
know about you but it looks to me like
YouTube removed this one because it's
[__] misleading it's not only a zit
clickbait it can be argued that it's a
dangerous click bait this is a this
thumbnail is intentionally misleading
that's why this video was removed
yes the video she has here in the
screenshot is her eating fake soap and
fake sponges but she does put a
disclaimer in the title oh well you know
in that case the video is totally fine
it's not like the giant [__]
thumbnail completely contradicts the
title it doesn't even matter if you
started the video and immediately she
said the soap was fake the thumbnail the
title that's on the thumbnail are
intentionally misleading and potentially
harmful it's not being removed because
it was sexual it's not being removed
because YouTube hates Mac it's being
removed because it is intentionally
missed
and click baiting into someone eating
soap how do you not understand this I
feel like this is backwards how can you
defend this listen I'm all for being
edgy I'm all for having unique and fun
and edgy content but click baiting
eating dish soap and sponges to an
arguably primarily child audience that
that has no place on YouTube when that
gets taken off YouTube I will support
that you are minutes into a video where
you're trying to convince us is
something you have not done that at all
maybe small suggestion maybe just I
don't know don't eat fake sponges and
dish soap that's a good place to start
maybe I don't know she makes a very good
point how is it that someone like Danny
Khan can make videos where she's tryin
on bikinis when Danny Khan herself is
also a minor D of your pen and paper
write down Danny Cohen we're gonna be
coming back to that both Mac and
tow'ring here bring up Danny Cohen
multiple times
write that down we're gonna come back to
that you have life with Mac over here
getting all of her videos listed as
inappropriate when there's nothing in
the videos that are inappropriate that's
not true we just debunked that pretty
sure eating fake soap and click baiting
it is pretty inappropriate we just
debunked that [__] homie you a life with
Matt continues the rant on Twitter with
this tweet where she says that YouTube
actually removed her clothing try on
haul video and the tweet reads in this
video removed by YouTube at it a try on
haul with for clothing items a winter
puffer jacket turtle net long-sleeved
sweater dress gorgeous high-neck
long-sleeve whose turtleneck long sleeve
sweatshirt dress what on earth was
inappropriate and I have to ask the same
questions because here are the outfits
that she tried on ok so this one's gonna
be actually really interesting and I
think you guys might be surprised with
my opinion on it so she posted a
clothing haul video where she tried on
four different outfits and YouTube
deleted it for being inappropriate they
then appealed it and it was denied
meaning they sent in an appeal and
YouTube manually reviewed the video for
a second time and deleted it here are
four photos I don't think these are
screens from a video the video they look
like they were taken with an iPhone I'm
assuming that they were they don't look
like they're screenshots from the video
but they do show the four outfits that
were showcased in the video I have not
seen this video I have tried to look for
it before filming this video if it's
posted somewhere and I'm just completely
missing it at the time of filming I
could not find it I don't know if it's
behind a paywall at this point but
either
I couldn't find it anywhere so therefore
I do not have an opinion on YouTube
removing it I think it's reasonable to
believe a tozi has not seen the clothing
video because his response video was
posted after it got deleted I can't find
the video he's probably never seen it
then why is he posting a long-winded
response defending something he's never
seen I'm not claiming that there's
anything inappropriate in the video I'm
saying I don't know we can't take Mac or
YouTube's word for it we don't know why
are you so confidently posting a video
defending something you haven't watched
it's blissfully ignorant to do something
like that and honestly it's kind of
irresponsible to this if I end up
watching this video if somehow this
video gets sent to me and it is innocent
I will be first in line to defend Mac I
think she should be able to post videos
like this that are innocent however I
haven't seen the [__] video so I
can't defend it a tozi likely hasn't
seen it either so why the [__] did he
post this video it's so sneaky to post
for frames and say look see the video
was innocent what the [__] YouTube I'm
not claiming the videos inappropriate
I'm just saying how the [__] would
anybody know that's Owen - for you a
tozi you have brought up no strong
argument for YouTube removing her videos
unfairly any of this inappropriate no I
don't think so I don't understand how
you would know so how is this getting
removed for being inappropriate yet
Danny Khan literally uses her body for
views as a minor Danny Cohen counter -
now you came you track yes I would
understand a little bit more if she was
a tiny creator maybe YouTube just did
not see that this is going on but no
she's been directly adding YouTube on
Twitter constantly and some of her
tweets have gotten up to 200,000 lights
I don't really ask a lot of you guys but
please go to Twitter and tweet this
why are you deleting life with max
videos hashtag justice for Mac at you've
YT creators at YouTube at Susan Wojcicki
at life with Mac 2005 and Ida tozi so I
can also retweet a bunch of them oh is
that why you wanted your Twitter mention
in there you wanted your Twitter
Eto's ii in the in the tweet so you
could retweet people come on listen i
tozi come on man come on bro you know I
want the clout to you know I'm looking
for that YouTube money Dollar Shave Club
if this was me man I'd be like yo
include that app pay money well because
I'm trying to get my dick way
I personally believe a tozi wanted his
name on that tweet for the exposure I'll
be the first to admit maybe I'm ignorant
maybe I don't understand fully how
Twitter works I'm actually on his
Twitter right now days after his video
posted and he has yet to retweet a
single person who put out that tweet so
yeah YouTube really needs to fix this
right now and she's being treated
extremely unfairly and like I said early
it's only some creators were actually
being affected by this because while
life with Mac is getting her stuff taken
down left and right you have a youtuber
named Danny Khan who's also a miner who
seems to be left untouched yet her
videos are pretty much all about her
body YouTube told me that minors doing
ASMR can be some flash fetishized by
adults which is why they are removing my
videos for inappropriate content I hate
that we've gotten to this point due to
sick disgusting people cannot be
punishing kids who have 0 wrong
intentions due to a small amount of sick
individuals and spoiler alert banning
kids from the platform won't solve
anything the only thing that does is
punish the kids for no reason whatsoever
and then you have the sick disgusting
human beings over there they'll just
move on and find something else that
appeals to them I don't know why we're
actually like pedophiles leaving is a
bad thing I'm not saying we should you
know get rid of kids on YouTube but he's
actually like well the pedophiles are
just gonna go somewhere else
good so the point that he's making the
point that I see Mak making in the
tweets this is kind of the whole one of
the main reasons I wanted to make the
video because nobody's saying this you
can't blame the child for posting a
video and there are perverts sexualizing
them and to an extent I agree with that
but member I said they brought up to 83
different times so Danny Danny is a
minor she's 15 she posts videos of her
doing different haul videos there's a
swimsuit haul video she does all kinds
of content that could be seen as sexual
however according to both tow man and
Mac we shouldn't victim
Blayne here so how come on one hand they
call for why is Danny's channel Stubb if
she's sex she's being she's using her
body to make videos but then on the
other hand they say we should never
blame the kid the kid can't be
sexualized it's the pedophile swat4
sexualizing how can you say we can't
blame the kid but then you're also
blaming Danny it's you can't have it
both ways you want to be able to post
content and blame the pedophiles but
when other people post content it's
their fault not the pedophiles fault
here's something I've just been waiting
to say this are we just gonna pretend
that the cop video didn't happen are we
gonna pretend that the ASMR sassy cop
video didn't happen because God knows
this has been this whole drama has been
talked about for such a long time I
don't see anybody bringing up the
company are we gonna pretend that this
didn't happen are you kidding me oh by
the way I wish I would have explained
this in my first video SSS before a
tender day if you're not aware SSS
stands for [__] showering and shaving
it's something you would do to prepare
before a night on the town it's not
something a child should be saying in a
role play you're gonna sit here and
you're gonna chastise Danny for being
sexual but then you're gonna claim your
content is immune to that are you
kidding me are we gonna pretend that
this didn't happen it's double standard
it's [__] you're playing both sides
here and I feel like I'm one of the only
people calling it out I feel like there
are inappropriate videos on both Danny
and Mac's channel and I think they
should be removed accordingly
absolutely but to sit here and say we
can't victim blame it's not the kids
fault it's the pedophiles fault except
[__] Danny which one is it guys so she's
13 years old which means she's old
enough to upload videos to YouTube
herself but her mom managers her YouTube
channel for her so for my understanding
of the situation her mom is
green-lighting everything that she is
posting on her YouTube channel so if
YouTube gives me the trust as an adult
to not upload in
pria content to my youtube channel why
can't they give the same trust to max
mom what do you mean why can't they give
her the same trust this is what happens
when you give her the trust what a
stupid question to ask just to really
drill it in this is the girl that
YouTube's banning for being
inappropriate neck tightness be nice to
other kids and take the high road and
live a peaceful kind life yet the very
least if you made it this far in the
video you want to hear what I have to
say so I'm gonna take this opportunity
now to really go in so if you saw there
and that little insider [__]
interview a tozi showed this clip to
demonstrate that Mac is is innocent and
is is just a sweet girl and in the
interview she even says the name Mac on
her YouTube channel stands for meaning
acceptance and kindness this is the girl
that YouTube's banning for being
inappropriate kids and take the high
road someone for largest and arguably
Mac's most iconic series is her sassy
videos and in these videos throughout
the entire video
she role plays being the biggest [__]
[Music]
what he used taller tree products like
what she's sorry
looks like you already
[Music]
to other kids and take the high road
meaning acceptance 100% support
anybody's right to be any online
character persona ever in fact I think
it's really interesting that that's how
she does her ASMR the whole bit is that
she's honestly just a giant [__]
that's that is the bit if you don't
believe me if you think I'm exaggerating
or being too harsh go watch the videos
that's the intent you cannot tell me it
is not incredibly manipulative to then
go on an interview and say the name of
the channel
it stands for meaning acceptance
kindness which one is it or is your
channel all about meaning acceptance
kindness or are you a comedy channel
where you're intentionally an [__]
and the fact that toe man here use that
clip to try to persuade his audience is
exactly the problem with it I role play
an [__] too it'd be the same thing if
I was out it'd be the same thing if I
gave an interview like that lovey Wow
usually buried beneath yeah
you know I just like to wiggle and like
you know just cute it's just such a rude
sir that she does holy [__] I hope that
she can continue posting as smart videos
to YouTube because you can really tell
that she enjoys making them and you know
what a tozi I think with that we finally
found something we agree on the last
thing I want to see is someone posting
you know innocent fun content and it
getting deleted if YouTube decides to
actually start removing max videos
unfairly I will be first in line to
defend her that being said with all the
evidence that was presented to us from a
tozi and her tweets I don't see that
happening here so I'm not gonna defend
her at all
I am someone though who is more than
willing to have my mind changed I am
more than happy like I said I will be
first in line to defend a content
creators right to create content but I'm
not seeing that happen here thank you
for watching here's the ad so he [__]
go that's right please I can't do it I
can't do it it's so [__] awful
- today's episode has been brought to
you by Dollar Shave Club give it up for
them they were kind enough to not only
sponsor the channel but allow me to put
the ad at the end of the video please go
check out my affiliate link down below
dollarshaveclub.com slash webby you can
get one of three sets for only $5 for
the box so the way this works is you
choose what's a you want
again five [__] bucks guys the [__]
just gets sent to you it's easy you lazy
sack I've been wearing the same
underwear for two years that is not
relevant first one is the oral care
starter set you get a toothbrush you get
toothpaste you know obviously we have
the top of your teeth but guess what
turn it upside down this thing will
slide in your [__]
no problem Dollar Shave Club I'm sorry
the toothpaste um don't eat it
next we have the shave starter set you
get the razor plus blades with that you
also get prep scrub goddamn it you get
shave butter god I just dropped one you
get a shave butter goddamn it and you
get post shaved you and listen boys I'm
gonna keep it 100 with you
this is no [__] this [__] smells so
good like I'm not even [__] that [__]
the add this [__] just smells [__]
amazing it's like a female fart you just
want to breathe it in you can go with
the shower starter set any one of them
is 5 bucks if you use my link down below
I'm sure a lot of you think they only do
shaving it's just entire grooming as a
whole they got your [__] back we got
oral care skin care rectal care
depending hey whatever you're into the
more you buy the more you save and you
can get started right now for dirt
[__] cheap please go check out the
link down below dollarshaveclub.com
slash will be you know I'm gonna be
promoting this on my [__] stream
tonight you better be there - guys go
support the people who support me I
can't stress it enough thank you again
Dollar Shave Club and I will see you
guys on the stream
[Music]